Ingredients (1 cup = 250ml)

• ½ cup unroasted rava (suji or sooji or fine semolina)
• ½ cup rice flour
• ¼ cup maida (all purpose flour)
• 1 to 2 green chillies, chopped (hari mirch)
• 1 medium sized onion, finely chopped
• ½ inch ginger, finely chopped (adrak)
• 8 to 10 curry leaves, chopped (kadi patta)
• 1 to 2 tablespoon chopped coriander leaves (optional)
• ½ teaspoon crushed black pepper (kali mirch powder)
• ½ teaspoon cumin seeds (jeera)
• 2 to 2.5 cups water or as required
• salt as required
• oil or ghee or butter for frying the dosa

How to make recipe

Making rava dosa batter: 
1. take ½ cup unroasted fine rava, ½ cup rice flour and ¼ cup maida in a bowl.
2. then add 1/3 cup chopped onions, 1 or 2 green chilies (chopped), 
	and ½ inch ginger (chopped).
3. also add 1/2 tsp crushed black pepper, ½ tsp cumin seeds/jeera, 
	8 to 10 curry leaves (chopped) and salt as required. 
4. add 2 cups water. depending on the quality of rava and sooji, 
	you can add less or more water - from 1.5 to 2.5 cups water. i added 2 cups water. 
5. whisk till smooth without any lumps. the batter has to be flowing and thin. 
6. if the batter looks thick or has a medium consistency, then add more water.
	If the batter looks very thin and runny, then add some rice flour. 
7. cover and let the dosa batter rest for 30 minutes. once the batter rests, 
	you will see that the rava and the flours have settled down and the water will be floating on top. 

Making instant rava dosa: 
1. before preparing dosas, mix the batter very well. 
	spread some oil on the tawa. do make sure that the tawa is hot. 
2. with a ladle pour the rava dosa batter. start from the edges move towards the center. 
3. if there are big or small gaps, then fill them lightly with the batter. 
4. on a low to medium flame, cook thdosa. 
5. when the top side looks cooked, then sprinkle ½ to 1 tsp oil on the top and sides. 
6. spread oil all over the rava dosa with a spoon. 
7. rava dosa takes a little longer time to cook than regue lar dosa.
8. cook till the base is golden and crisp.
9. the more you cook the dosas and the more golden it becomes, the more crisp it will be. 
	you can even cook both the sides if you want.
10. fold and then serve rava dosa hot with coconut chutney and sambar.
11. the flours settles down at the bottom of the batter. 
	so you have to stir and mix the batter very well every time you make dosa. in case the batter becomes thick after making a few dosas, then add some water and stir again.
12. serve rava dosa with coconut chutney or dosa podi or any chutney of your choice.